# Pandas-Challenge
Module 4 Assignment for DataBootCamp
>This Jupyter Notebook contains a report on key metrics for a city's school district and showcase obvious trends in school performance. The report was generated using the Pandas library in Python.

Contents: 

>1 Folder 'PyCitySchools', 1 Sub-Folder 'Resources', 1 Jupyter Notebook 'PyCitySchools.ipynb', 1 ReadMe File, 2 CSV files as Data Sources

>This repository includes a main folder ['PyCitySchools'] and a [README.md] file, containing information about the project and the files in the repository.

>The main folder has a sub folder ['Resources'], containing the data sources used for this project and a Jupyter Notebook ['PyCitySchools.ipynb'], containing the code used to generate the summary DataFrames and observations/trends.

>Data Sources: 
>The data for this report was provided in two CSV files:
>schools_complete.csv: Contains information on the schools in the district, including the school name, type, and budget.
>students_complete.csv: Contains information on the students in the district, including their name, grade level, and test scores.
>The two datasets were merged on the School Name to create a single DataFrame that could be used to calculate the key metrics for the district.

Key Metrics
>The analysis of key metrics has been summarized by:

•District Summary

•School Summary

•Highest-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing)

•Lowest-Performing Schools (by % Overall Passing)

•Math Scores by Grade

•Reading Scores by Grade

•Scores by School Spending

•Scores by School Size

•Scores by School Type

Acknowledgments

>This script was created by 'Paramdeep Singh Birdi' as part of 'DATA BOOTCAMP UofT'. The script uses 'pandas' which is a software library written for the Python programming language for data manipulation and analysis.

Contact

>If you have any questions or feedback about this script, please feel free to contact me at param.birdi@utoronto.ca.

References

>Data for this dataset was generated by edX Boot Camps LLC, and is intended for educational purposes only.

